Remove slower defer calls to improve INSERT performance (#22)
powersync-ja/react-native-quick-sqlite: .changeset/four-meals-grab.md

---
'@journeyapps/react-native-quick-sqlite': patch
---

> This pull request improves the performance of write operations especially INSERTs made outside a transaction context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This pull request improves the performance of releasing lock operations. Executing multiple lock operations, such as individual calls to `.execute`, should see a significant performance improvement. 
```
